thank you for bringing us collectively
to this moment it is a moment but so
many have dreamed of claiming history
starts today
[Music]
the guy who is the evil person I don't
work for him
my firm works for Emma are you gonna
behave yourself tomorrow I totally don't
want to my job I'm a reporter I follow
people that do not want to be followed
what about the allegations that you
recruit the most vulnerable for tests
that end up killing people you tell me
Joe finish mr. boss is that a threat we
had to learn how to hide in plain sight
I'm pretty good at it for you you suck
whoever you are I work at the Life
Foundation and I need your help we found
something we call them symbiosis
Carleton Drake believes that the union
between human and symbiote is the key to
our evolution
don't anybody sick
I'm hearing voices
you're not real you were just in my head
I'm gonna need mr. Drake's property back
if you're gonna stay you will only hurt
bad people will I see it do whatever we
want do we have a deal
be willing to sacrifice
thing you hold most dear
you should be extremely afraid
what the hell are you we
often
[Music]